Well let's keep working on the clothes and accessories of the character.
I think maybe I'll work on the belt and arm band cuff thing and maybe a little tunic toga thing.
Let's just see what we can get done today for the belt.
I think what I'll do is just create a new cylinder and put that on here so I'll just go to create cylinder.
I'll go ahead and keep it at 30 two vertices here but I'll change the cap filled to nothing.
And let me just drag this up and I'll try and put it in place here.
I'm going to switch to the character images screen lay out and I'll just take that cylinder and move
it up it kind of into place here.
And let's just use the scale tool to kind of get it to size so I'll go to the scale tool and just move
this out a bit and scale this out some here and I just want to try and get this in place as the upper
part of the little Toga thing here and I'll switch into vertex mode and just hit the B key for border
select and grab that bottom edge and now just move it up a bit and let's try and just extrude down to
get this piece of clothing shaped up a bit.
So here we all do that pull these in.
Now I'll just extrude and shape that as we go so I hit the key and move down.
Scale out just a hair here and here and then me and keep on going down here.
Well just two maybe two more extrusions.
So there you go there's the beginning of that little tunic piece.
So to create those panels on the front and back I think what I'll try is selecting faces here.
I want to hit the C for the circle select tool and maybe select something like this from this.
Why don't I duplicate this press shift D and click.
And then I'll press the P key to separate the selection out.
Now it's its own object.
And then when I can do is just going to bring this forward just a hair here and now what I need to do
is get that shaped.
So it has that kind of look to it here.
So I'm going to go into edge mode and I'll just select these edges down here and I just want to extrude
this out.
Once it comes down a little bit farther than that original piece or maybe easy and just pull this down
like this.
All right.
So there's that piece and it looks like it will need to be shaped a bit.
I don't know how much I should do right now but I could pull these in a bit.
Like so expand those out and I want to do the same thing on the back as well here.
So I'll duplicate with shifty and then I'll press the key to separate that selection out for its own
object and then select it and we pull it out of hair and we go.
And as I did before I'm just going to select these edges and extrude them down.
All right so we have the little Toga piece What about the belt.
Now we ought to work on that.
I'll come over to the Create tab once again and I'll just create another cylinder and we can use the
same settings we used before I believe 32 vertices and no capful And let's just do the same thing here.
Bring this up and I'll get the Z to go to wireframe here.
And let's just try and fit this around the character again.
I'll go to my character images again and let's try and place this
how about the arm bands Let's take a look at those all go into edit mode.
It looks like we can select faces along here so I'm going to press the C key and just drag select these
faces.
Maybe even come up here for now.
Also select these here and those and these faces as well.
All right so that looks pretty good as kind of the base geometry of that arm band.
It may be too high up will have to bring it down.
There's some extra geometry here that we don't need but for the most part I think we can just duplicate
this and be and be good with it.
Let me select this here.
All right let's give this a try I'm going press shift D and then I'm going to press the P key to separate
that selection.
Now that it still has that multi resolution modifier on it so we don't want that.
Go ahead and go into the modifiers tab and remove that modifier.
So that's what we get.
And I think I'll maybe come over here and choose x ray so I can see it.
And now it's just a matter of adjusting and shaping this.
I think I'll also add an edge loop here and I'll probably need to do this quite a bit and just expand
this out a bit maybe even just scale the whole thing out.
So it fits around the hand a little bit better
and it doesn't need to be perfect at this point in time.
But I just want to fiddle around the hand some.
All right so there's the basic geometry of our arm band.
I think that'll work out pretty well.
And now let's take a look at.
Well let's take a look at these little belt buckle pieces here.
They're just cylinders.
So that should be fairly easy.
Let's take a look what I'll do is select this belt buckle and I'll press shift ass and move the cursor
to that selected object.
Then when I create a cylinder that should pop in the center there.
And for this one maybe make it only 12 vertices and I'll give it a triangle fan for its top I will rotate
it here.
Looks like 90 degrees around the X right here.
And I'll try and put it into place here.
Now I don't need the triangle fan on the back.
Just on the front.
So try and get rid of that with the C key.
And hit X and choose face's
and I'll select that Ed and kind of move it forward here.
All right so now let me turn off the x ray of that strap.
We don't need that.
Let's just work on this here.
If I go to face mode and select these guys here I think what I can do is just hit me and then hit s
to scale them and maybe hit me again and push in a bit.
And maybe hit the ass I kind of want it maybe like a curved dome surface so what I'll do is call it
easy and extrude out and then scale in just a hair the extrude out scale in just a hair like so.
And maybe one more time and scale in and pull out just a bit like so.
Yeah something like that.
And then I think I want a little inset here.
I don't know what it is but I'm going to scale that in and then inset it like that.
So it's kind of like that.
Yeah why not.
And I will scale that down and put it in place here.
Maybe a little bigger
just as the base geometry of that.
I think that will work fine.
Now I'm going to probably smooth it and add edge loops to it.
But I think that'll work.
And I can also then have this here and take this and just duplicate it and move it up with shifty
move that up to here and pull it out some.
So now I'm going to be dealing with these in different ways for the little Toga thing here.
I'm going to just sculpt on it and try and get some of that folds and flowing wrinkles of cloth there
through sculpting for the strap here.
I think what we need to do is probably use the solidify modifier to give it some thickness so we can
try that.
Now I'll go over to the modifiers tab here and just choose add modifier and solidify and if I do that
I get this panel here and I can use the thickness setting I'm just going to click and drag to have this
kind of thick and other bit you can see it can get really thick there but maybe I can pull it out to
about like this.
And there's going to be more adjusting that needs to be done.
But you can see how you can build up the thickness of an object with that modifier.
Now when I get it to the way I want it I'll just hit apply.
But for now I think I'll just leave it there.
So it looks like what we have left to do is this armband and the shoulder armor here and then we'll
be able to work on sculpting those a bit.
Once again I'm trying to get everything to the same basic detail level.
Like I know the body isn't completely done yet.
I really want to do more smoothing and tweaking on the body and on the ears and things like that.
But I'd like to get these other pieces to about the same detail level and then refine the entire character
kind of all in one go.